Essay on WNRI by Roger Bouchard

This essay could have written any year during the legacy of WNRI. Because each year this radio station has always been about information, service and involvement with its listeners in particular and it's community

Information: WNRi has been and continues to be the clearinghouse for local news and local events. Local news sweeps mornings between 6 and 8 am are standard procedure for this news hungry market.
WNRI continues the day with local talk and news from 8:00 to 10:00. National and international news takes over from ten to noon. Local talk returns between 2 and7pm with popular personalities John Dionne, Jeff Gamache and Larry Poitras logging over 60 years of engaging 2way conversation among the three of them.
Officials from Cumberland, Lincoln, Burriville, North Smithfield and Woonsocket appear regularly to update listeners on area developments. WNRI programs local talk shows on Saturdays to complement weekday offerings. If it's happening in Northern Rhode Island, good or bad, WNRI reports it; WNRI talks about it.

Service: WNRI's reputation for community service is showcased throughout our company corridors. Citations from the United Veteran's Council, Rotary Club, Elks Lodge, YMCA, the Milk Fund and Martin Luther King committee are among groups that have publicly acknowledged WNRI's outreach. WNRI's public file is loaded with letters of appreciation and testimonials to the station's endless service to people and organizations. WNRI's slogan the "station with personality" is daily reacted with the good deeds of the real people who work there.

Involvement: WNRI staffers live and work in Woonsocket. Three of the company's four owners live in town. The general manager serves on three commissions (housing authority, senior center and Museum of Work & Culture); John Dionne, another talk show host was inducted into the Rhode Island Hall of Fame class of 2014. Roger Bouchard joined the RI Broadcasters Hall of Fame in 2015. WNRI promotes events like lots of radio station's do, but better still WNRI people participate in them too: the local business expo in March; the Mardi Gras celebration in February or Autumnfest in October.

Technology

WNRI proud tradition in technology is well known in the community. Led by broadcast engineers Dick Bouchard (FEMA certified) and Dave St.Onge ( former WGBH Chief engineer), the station's latest advance: becoming Rhode Island's and New England first radio to install green conservation solar panels on the station roof to power up the stations energy needs. The panels went operational in 2015 as the industry watches how the station is offsetting electricity costs.
iWNRI: It been a geographical landmark for over 60 years and radio dial landmark for Northern Rhode Island for just as long. Today is another opportunity to get the job done.



Advertising on NEWS TALK WNRI 1380 is easy,
effective and efficient.

Contact Roger Bouchard, Bill Bryda, Jeannie Kerwin
Jeff Gamache, or Susan Bouchard. We are all ready
to deliver your message to our Rhode Island and
Massachusetts audiences.

EASY: We write and produce your ad and get it on
the air that same day.

EFFECTIVE: We have a long list of satisfied advertisers who have benefited over the years airing their commercials on WNRI. Restaurants, real estate, auto body shops....the list goes on of satisfied business owners.

EFFICIENT: WNRI radio ads are frankly inexpensive. Without paper costs and distribution overhead of traditional media, WNRI employs technology to keep our costs low and deliver price values consistent with marketing budgets of small businesses.

Generally speaking, advertisers can access the airways for budgets well under $300 per month. Even less, once we identify your objectives.

Give us a call or send us an E-mail and let's talk about why NEWS TALK WNRI 1380 is a strong advertising medium. We Been doing this since 1954.

E-mail Roger Bouchard (General Manager) at wnriroger@yahoo.com 